-- RMU SESSION 3 PROBLEM 2

If in doubt about how to submit, see SUBMISSION_GUIDELINES file.

This is a two part exercise that focuses on requirements discovery and modeling
of business logic.  You'll be exploring the rules of the game Pressman and then
implementing a backend system which enforces those rules.

== GUIDELINES

- Start this exercise by watching the video describing the rules of Pressman:
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iIG2vgLMyQ 
  It is deliberately vague, so questions will need to be asked!

- The first part of this exercise is determining the rules of the game and then
  writing them up as requirements.  This is a collaborative exercise between all
  students, and will take place on the mailing list and IRC.

- Students will attempt to summarize their interpretation of the rules and ask
  any clarifying question on the mailing list.  Once each rule has been clearly
  described, it can be added to the notes section on the assignment's page in
  university-web.

- In the second part of this exercise, students will use the notes on the assignment 
  page as their requirements, and will build a backend system which correctly
  handles most or all of the following things:

  1) Initial setup of the board
  2) Valid and invalid moves
  3) Captures
  4) Re-generation
  5) End game conditions (resign or total domination)

  While students may collaborate on high level topics, the code they submit needs 
  to be mostly their own.

- Credit for this assignment will be based primarily on the second part
  (submitting working code), but the requirements discovery phase needs
  to happen before people can begin coding.  All are strongly encouraged to
  participate in both parts of this exercise.

- It may not be necessary to nail down 100% of the requirements before you begin
  coding, but make sure that you don't code yourself into a corner by assuming
  too much before it gets clarified.

- If this task feels overwhelming, don't worry!  Talk with me, your mentors, and
  your fellow students to discover ways to break into it.  It's not an easy
  problem, but we'll find a way to get you started on it.

== QUESTIONS?

Hit up the mailing list or IRC.  RMU exercises are left deliberately open ended,
and often benefit from some discussion before, during, and after you work on
them.

If for some reason you can't access YouTube, let me know and I'll figure
something out.
